homemade gnocchi making your own Aki is
so simple to do yet the results are
absolutely stunning it's a great way of
using up leftover baked potatoes you can
make no key just with flour and eggs
however the procedure gives it a nice
light sort of creamy fluffy texture it's
cut them in half to your spoon and scoop
the inside of those potatoes I'm using
leftover baked potatoes but this really
works as well with leftover ball
potatoes two choices and get a fork and
sort of mash the potato and get it nice
and light and fluffy or this little
gadget it's called a ricer I suppose
it's a posh word for a potato masher
just squeeze gently you can see how nice
and light it is almost a fluffy little
strands of potato you can do this one
potatoes at heart it'll go through the
rice is so much quicker just slice that
off there
now a nice spoon of a Kasavin don't
touch a salt and pepper it's really
important to season the mixture as we go
along otherwise the naki becomes really
bland flour over the ricotta sips
there's no lumps one delicious egg give
that a little whisk now make a little
well in the center you want a nice soft
pliable a ball of dough give it a really
good mix get some time flowers in there
and this time is light fragrant that's
just a really nice herb and with the
ricotta tastes brilliant just pick the
little tips the time flowers next flour
your hands generously and knead the
mixture into a dough fold in and push
from basically what it's doing is to get
it nice and smooth as it starts to get a
little bit wet just that and it will
touch our flour we want something really
nice and soft now don't overwork it this
stops the na q from expanding when it
hits the pan that's exactly what I want
a nice sort of soft fragrant ball cut
the ball in half lightly flour the hands
and just roll it gently I just think of
a a big long cigar the mixture will
start getting a little bit sort of
wetter but do not add lots of flour now
lightly flour the knife so when you
slice the naki it doesn't stick I cut
the dough into bite-sized pieces just
take your finger dip it in the flour and
push to happen why I want mine Aki do
not like a pillow and for me the most
important part there is that not one of
them I identically the same shape what's
wrong bring up to the boil little touch
of olive oil in there lightly flour your
hand lift up the naki in to the rolling
boiling water turn that pan to stop them
from sticking at the bottom and let them
simmer and they start to sort of tell
you that cooked when they start floating
got a pan on get that nice and hot now
that just started to go to the top and
you can continue cooking them like that
I like blanch em in the water take them
out and then find them 2:30 the naki
heat olive oil in a frying pan gently
lift up and look they doubled in size
drain it get rid of the excess water and
straight in the hot pan
[Music]
this is where they start to take on a
completely different texture nice crisp
sauteed texture on the outside
naki loves fresh pepper Stoke pepper in
and you see as I start turning them got
this really nice little sort of brown
color are they almost popping up now my
little parcels so on the nicest so Kate
both sides of lights and creamy in the
center fresh garden peas in the butter
gives it a really nice sort of beurre
noisette flavor on the ends useful put a
little bit of fresh thyme over the peas
and then finally I want to lift it up
fresh lemon zest the lemon over
smells and cuddle and then finally seal
the deal with a touch of grated pals and
cheese give you veg term attitude and
you'll get amazingly elegant dishes on a
budget that are always guaranteed to
impress what more do you want from great
cooking cheap to make easy to cook and
absolutely stunning add the curry paste
and cook to release the flavors
I'd cute potatoes to serve dollop the
black bean mixture and crunchy tortillas